For the improvement done on the starter code: 
* I end it up adding 4 Agents as shown in the diagram, 1 of those is the Orchestrator.
The 3 main agents are: Inventory Manager, Pricing Manager, Sales Manager in charge of calling their corresponding tools.
Most of the core of the functionalities were provided by the starter script, the only addition to this was the search_item_price 
so the system was a little bit more decouple when it comes to tooling and functionalities.

The outcome of this initial iteration wasn't fully the expected one by one main reason:
* The generated initial inventory didn't support the scenarios that were being queried to the Orchestrator. Since all the requests
came with some item that was either not in stock or not present at all, invalidating the submission to process the sale.
* After some subsequent changes i was able to successfully sell some products and request the ones not in stock.

Now, improvements that can be done to this Orchestrator are:
* Definetely adding the capability to better capture the item that needs to be process, since i saw a few iterations that we had the stock
but due to the iteam being requested with special character and it wasn't an exact match it notified that the item is not in stock and more
was requested with the delivery date.
* Additional logic to support the state of the delivery of the products is needed, so this can be also implemented/improved in the future. 
As of now it just request them but no subsequent update once the day arrives. Most likely a new agent to check this and update inventory 
is required.
* Error handling to avoid repetetion of tool request is needed. There is a current raw implementation of this and a future improvement is 
needed to speed up the processing time of the request.

This Captstone definetely took me longer than expected due to the overwelming amount of initial code, missing a single step or missing
the goalpost for any of the required points of the rubric, took me too long to figure out what to improve or tweak.

For a next iteration of this work I would definetely take my time to break down the existing code and hopefully have some more depth on the 
inital diagram before starting.

**** One of the things that I know they are not fully working is the capability to identify the Name of the product mathing what's on DB,
for that there is a workaround using the get_close_matches library, but i know the match are not the bests creating duplicate entries and
issues when it comes to identify the product to Quote.